CASMPET-7258: Improvisation of iSCSI SBPS doc (#5490)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iscsi_sbps/iscsi_sbps.md

reliability, availability, security, ease and speed of deployment and ease of management than DVS.
SBPS solution is offered from CSM 1.6 onwards and this solution is spread across different components BOS, USS/COS
and the core service SBPS Marshal agent is delivered as an RPM gets deployed as part of CFS `ansible` play books.

> In CSM 1.6, both DVS and SBPS will co-exist but SBPS will be default and DVS is planned to deprecate in CSM 1.7.

Reviewer: co-exist but SBPS will be **_the_** default and DVS is planned to **_be deprecated_** in CSM

Author: Done.

> In CSM 1.6, both DVS and SBPS will co-exist but SBPS will be the default and DVS is planned to be deprecated in CSM 1.7.

Reviewer 2: I added punctuation.
In CSM 1.6, both DVS and SBPS will co-exist, but SBPS will be the default. Note,  DVS is planned to be deprecated in CSM 1.7.

Author: Done

* Aligns with future plans for similar functionality in next generation systems management solutions
* Easy to deploy and manage

> **Note:** Using HSN for boot content projection is recommended and use NMN for any debugging purposes.

Reviewer 2: Added a comma.

**Note:** Using HSN for boot content projection is recommended, and use NMN for any debugging purposes.

Author: Done

> In the case of HSN is not configured, then usage of NMN is recommended if it meets the bandwidth requirements.

Reviewer 2: In the case that the HSN is not configured, use the NMN if it meets the bandwidth requirements.

Author: Done

### Node Personalization (Worker node)

Node personalization is the pre-requisite step of SBPS solution where we need to first setup/configure worker nodes as iSCSI targets (servers)
with necessary provisioning, configuration and enable required components. The required RPMs for `targetcli` command / LIO are part of NCN node image in CSM 1.6 and SBPS Marshal agent gets installed during node personalization via CFS Ansible play books.

This can be done in two ways:

a) Auto setup with bootprep:

By default worker node personalization of iSCSI SBPS is done during CSM install/upgrade (using IUF). It is initiated during bootprep
(management-nodes-rollout) in order to do worker node personalization automatically during boot time.

b) Manual setup with CFS config/session:

Worker node personalization can be done post CSM install with CFS config/session.

> Please refer [Node Personalisation](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/release/1.6/operations/configuration_management/iSCSI_SBPS_Node_Personalization.md) for the details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Node Personalization](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/release/1.6/operations/configuration_management/iSCSI_SBPS_Node_Personalization.md) for the details.
```

Reviewer: Also, it should be "Please refer **_to_** [Node"

Author: Done

Node personalization is the pre-requisite step of SBPS solution where we need to first setup/ configure worker nodes as iSCSI targets (servers)
with necessary provisioning, configuration and enable required components. The required RPMs for `targetcli` command / LIO are part of NCN node image in CSM 1.6 and SBPS Marshal agent gets installed during node personalization via CFS Ansible play books.

This can be done in two ways:

a) Auto setup with bootprep:

> By default worker node personalization of iSCSI SBPS is done during CSM install/ upgrade (using IUF). It is initiated during bootprep

Reviewer: Remove the space in `install/upgrade`

Author: Done

(management-nodes-rollout) in order to do worker node personalization automatically during boot time.

> b) Manual setup with CFS config/ session:

Reviewer: Remove the space in `config/session`

Author: Done

> Worker node personalization can be done post CSM install with CFS config/ session.

Reviewer: Remove the space in `config/session`

Author: Done.

cray ims images update bbe0e9eb-fa8f-4896-9f54-95dbd26de9bb --metadata-operation remove --metadata-key sbps-project
```

> **Note #1:** Please make sure to `untag` an image only with unused images. Untagging in-use images will stop the content projection by SBPS Marshal agent which may lead to any kind of failures with compute / UAN nodes.

Reviewer: Remove both spaces in `compute/UAN`

Author: Done

> **Note #2:** As mentioned in `Image tagging` step, `rootfs` are tagged automatically by BOS, for untagging an image, we need to use above `craycli`

Reviewer: ...mentioned in _**the**_ `Image tagging` step...
...`rootfs` **_is_** tagged automatically...

Author: Done

cray ims images update bbe0e9eb-fa8f-4896-9f54-95dbd26de9bb --metadata-operation remove --metadata-key sbps-project
```

> **Note #1:** Please make sure to `untag` an image only with unused images. Untagging in-use images will stop the content projection by SBPS Marshal agent which may lead to any kind of failures with compute/UAN nodes.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Note #1:** Only run the `untag` command on images that are not currently in use. Untagging images that are currently in use will stop the content projection by SBPS Marshal agent causing undesirable behavior on compute/UAN nodes using the content.
```

Author: ok, Thanks.

cray ims images update bbe0e9eb-fa8f-4896-9f54-95dbd26de9bb --metadata-operation remove --metadata-key sbps-project
```

**Note #1:** Only run the `untag` command on images that are not currently in use. Untagging images that are currently in use will
stop the content projection by SBPS Marshal agent causing undesirable behavior on compute/UAN nodes using the content.

> **Note #2:** As mentioned in the `Image tagging` step, `rootfs` is tagged automatically by BOS, for untagging an image,

Reviewer 2: Reworked:
```suggestion
**Note #2:** As mentioned in the `Image tagging` step, BOS automatically tags the `rootfs` image for projection. To untag an image 
```

Author: Done

> we need to use above `craycli` utility of IMS as untagging of an image is not supported by BOS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
use the aforementioned `craycli` utility of IMS because BOS does not support automatically untagging an image.
```

Author: Just a query: Does BOS support any manual way of untagging an image ?

Reviewer: No, the manual method is via `craycli`

> use the aforementioned `craycli` utility of IMS because BOS does not support automatically automatically untagging an image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
use the aforementioned `craycli` utility of IMS because BOS does not support automatically untagging an image.
```

Please refer [iSCSI Metrics](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/sbps-marshal/blob/main/iscsi_metrics.md) for details.

## Steps to continue using DVS based projection

If a user wants to continue using DVS, then during the BOS session template creation (manually using `cray bos` command)
these parameter values have to be used:

```text
rootfs_provider: "cpss3"
rootfs_provider_passthrough: "dvs:api-gw-service-nmn.local:300:hsn0,nmn0:0"
```

If the `sat` command is used to create the BOS session template, then please comment out the two lines marked SBPS and uncomment the above

> two lines marked CPS in `vcs/bootprep/compute-and-uan-bootprep.yaml` and then initiate the compute/UAN node boot. Please refer the section

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
two lines marked CPS in `vcs/bootprep/compute-and-uan-bootprep.yaml` and then initiate the compute/UAN node boot. Please refer to the section
```

Author: Done

`Content Projection Service` in the publication: `HPE Cray Supercomputing User Services Software Administration Guide: CSM on HPE Cray
EX Systems (S-8063)` for more details on DVS based boot content projection of `rootfs`/`PE` images.

**Note:**: Rest of the steps in [Steps to achieve SBPS](#steps-to-achieve-sbps) viz., Image Tagging, Monitor iSCSI metrics need to be skipped.

## Steps to disable DVS

> This involves this sequence of operations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow this sequence of operations:
```

Author: Done

If a user wants to continue using DVS, then during the BOS session template creation (manually using `cray bos` command)
these parameter values have to be used:

```text
rootfs_provider: "cpss3"
rootfs_provider_passthrough: "dvs:api-gw-service-nmn.local:300:hsn0,nmn0:0"
```

If the `sat` command is used to create the BOS session template, then please comment out the two lines marked SBPS and uncomment the above
two lines marked CPS in `vcs/bootprep/compute-and-uan-bootprep.yaml` and then initiate the compute/UAN node boot. Please refer to the section
`Content Projection Service` in the publication: `HPE Cray Supercomputing User Services Software Administration Guide: CSM on HPE Cray
EX Systems (S-8063)` for more details on DVS based boot content projection of `rootfs`/`PE` images.

**Note:**: The steps in [Steps to achieve SBPS](#steps-to-achieve-sbps) are not relevant and should not be followed if DVS is used.

## Steps to disable DVS and CPS

Follow this sequence of operations:

* Disable DVS
* Uninstall CPS

To disable DVS, please refer to the section `DVS and SBPS` and to uninstall CPS, please refer to the section `Uninstall CPS`

> section under the content `Scalable Boot Projection Service` documented in the publication:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
under the content `Scalable Boot Projection Service` documented in the publication
```

## Steps to switch from DVS to iSCSI

> This involves below sequence of operations:

Reviewer: This involves **_this_** sequence

Author: Done

* Disable DVS
* Uninstall CPS

> * Enable iSCSI SBPS

Reviewer 5: Question: SBPS is default and already setup right?
I am somewhat confused since title says `Steps to switch from DVS to iSCSI`, but that should be done via installation.  If this is talking about removing CPS/DVS, then maybe it would be nice to say it here and also give the titles for the related docs like: Uninstall_CPS.md  and maybe docs that shows how to stop loading DVS on compute node or removing it?

Author: This we thought of documenting for the scenario where user wants to permanently switch to iSCSI.Thinking on better title / text here.

Author: @kazuya-hpe Going to change this title as 'Steps to disable DVS" Hope it is fine.

Author: I changed the ordering of the topics as well.

> To perform these operations, please refer the section `Switch from DVS to iSCSI` documented in the publication:

Reviewer 6: The name of the section is "DVS and SBPS", not "Switch from DVS to iSCSI".

Author: ok, will incorporate the same. Thanks.

> To perform above operations, please refer the section `Switch from DVS to iSCSI` documented in the publication:

Reviewer: To perform **_these_** operations,

Author: Done

`HPE Cray Supercomputing User Services Software Administration Guide: CSM on HPE Cray Supercomputing EX Systems (S-8063)`.

## Steps to continue using DVS based projection

> If user wants to continue using DVS then during the BOS session template creation (manually using `cray bos` command)

Reviewer: If **_a_** user...
...using DVS, then...  (add a comma after **DVS**)

> below parameter values have to be used:

Reviewer: **_these_** parameter values...

Author: Done

> If a user wants to continue using DVS, then during the BOS session template creation (manually using `cray bos` command)

Reviewer 4: The "sat bootprep" files for compute and UAN have SBPS enabled by default, but include the DVS stanzas in the file but commented out.   Not sure if we'd want to mention that.

> ```bash

Reviewer: This isn't a bash script, so remove `bash`

Author: There was an error for this to have language, let me try this time.

Reviewer: Ugh, the lint code is forcing the "optional" language identifier.
Try ` ```text` or ` ```plain text`

Author: ok.

Author: This went fine now. Thanks David!

rootfs_provider: "cpss3"
rootfs_provider_passthrough: "dvs:api-gw-service-nmn.local:300:hsn0,nmn0:0"
```

> If `sat` command is used to create the BOS session template, then please comment out the two lines marked SBPS and uncomment the above

Reviewer: If **_the_** `sat`...

Author: Done

## Steps to switch from DVS to iSCSI

This involves this sequence of operations:

* Disable DVS
* Uninstall CPS
* Enable iSCSI SBPS

To disable DVS please refer:
<https://github.hpe.com/hpe/hpc-shasta-os-uss-docs/blob/master/dac-assets/documents/operations/DVS_and_SBPS.md>
To perform these operations, please refer the section `DVS and SBPS` documented in the publication:
`HPE Cray Supercomputing User Services Software Administration Guide: CSM on HPE Cray Supercomputing EX Systems (S-8063)`.

## Steps to continue using DVS based projection

To uninstall CPS services please refer:

> <https://github.hpe.com/hpe/hpc-shasta-os-uss-docs/blob/master/dac-assets/documents/operations/Uninstall_CPS.md>

Reviewer 3: There used to be 3 references to USS doc sections, but now there is only 1.  But the lead-in text still refers to 3 steps that need to be taken.  Were the other 2 sections completely removed by accident when they should have been converted from links to section names?  I am referring to the "Uninstall CPS" and "Enable iSCSI SBPS" sections.

Author: As we discussed, I have addressed this.

Author: @deantroe , Please check the addressed text now.

Reviewer 3: I left one new comment to remove an extra word.  Once that is addressed, I'll approve.

rootfs_provider: "cpss3"
rootfs_provider_passthrough: "dvs:api-gw-service-nmn.local:300:hsn0,nmn0:0"
```

If the `sat` command is used to create the BOS session template, then please comment out the two lines marked SBPS and uncomment the above
two lines marked CPS in `vcs/bootprep/compute-and-uan-bootprep.yaml` and then initiate the compute/UAN node boot. Please refer the section
`Content Projection Service` in the publication: `HPE Cray Supercomputing User Services Software Administration Guide: CSM on HPE Cray
EX Systems (S-8063)` for more details on DVS based boot content projection of `rootfs`/`PE` images.

> **Note:**: Rest of the steps in [Steps to achieve SBPS](#steps-to-achieve-sbps) viz., Image Tagging, Monitor iSCSI metrics need to be skipped.

Reviewer 3: What does "rest of the steps" mean?  Are any of the steps relevant if they are using DVS?  If not, then I'd change this to something like 

```suggestion
**Note:**: The steps in [Steps to achieve SBPS](#steps-to-achieve-sbps) are not relevant and should not be followed if DVS is used.
```

Author: Since the step of creating a BOS session template is common between DVS and iSCSI, I wrote it that way. Incoporated the text you suggested.
